what's going on guys Brian Williams here
continue to our BBQ tomorrow I'm going
to show you how to actually smoke a pork
shoulder we're going to do a forward
shoulders start to finish probably a two
or three part series today I'm just
going to show you how to make a full
court sandwich using a North Carolina
style barbecue sauce we're going to make
it from scratch you come over here we'll
review our ingredients for the pull cord
from sauce I have a babble cider vinegar
some white vinegar a little soy sauce
some brown sugar some ketchup and chili
flakes Carolina sauce always has spice
and a little tight as it is deadly it
doesn't stick in the southwest from
sophomore Corbin tomato-based vinegary
and and spicy so I'm going to get my
dream up hot going here
just going to start putting couple these
ingredients in here
only going to make this only making this
for about two people now that cop for
behaving so I'm going to put my brown
shoe on a half tablespoon of two flakes
three quarters of a cup of vinegar apple
cider vinegar another cup of white
distilled vinegar
about 2 tbsp you get
people then go
let that come to a boil
also going to put about couple teaspoons
of salt and pepper
how my concern about pork pretty much
what's going down here is at the
restaurant we're not that busy that we
need to smoke a whole hog every day or a
couple of shoulders a day we just took
about two to four shoulders a week and
we start our BBQ cold this has already
been smoked for 12 hours I understand
you have them for 12 hours in the pool
apartment so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to start eating this jit liat and
a sauté pan the warm side they finish it
may be in the pork up i'm going to put
on the grill
it's only going to take about 23 minutes
in the salt I need you need to come to a
boil
the pork has a lot of fat there's a lot
of Fatima's pork because we use the
whole shoulder so this pad is going to
act as a moisture barrier so it's not
going to dry out of her you repeat it
pretty much
pretty much myself if you see right here
now it's pretty liquidy but that is the
sauce we used on for back on the North
Carolina Thunder cases
good got a little question from the
chili flakes exactly some vinegar in
there i'm going to add that support
keep eating this bad boy up
on the other side
get ready for my sandwich in North
Carolina there is two different kind of
smalls the eastern part there's a red
slaw or BBQ sloth it's a very finely
chopped up cabbage slaw and then there's
a Western North Carolina they have a
mayonnaise-based long so pretty much
just your classic mayonnaise small
larger pieces of cabbage some cases yes
in case there's no some cases a big
strands of cabbage mix with a mayonnaise
mixture kind of sweeter and a
mayonnaise-based what would you hear the
restaurant is more of the Western
network Joanna style so I'm going to be
putting a man a slaw homeless really
completes the barbecue sandwich now back
home in Eastern North Carolina we can
put in the red slaw
for my importance almost ready
good
you may suppose Laurel
and guys the trick is when you read
because you want to have the interior
internal temperature of the food 165
degrees for at least 15 seconds that
kills off all the bacteria the boob
organism so I see it up to a simmer of
oil I want to make sure there's at least
15 minutes to be 15 seconds of a similar
oil before I service so all that
bacteria we could only get anybody sick
so easily easily I've been above 165 for
15 seconds I just want to start put in
my port my butt here
Oh
both small
no finished off there
if you want you can serve a little good
Carolina make your sauce on the side but
here you guys have it a nice pool pork
sandwich some coleslaw toast the bun
care a lot of style baby Brian wave guys
hope you learned something they talk to
them